Update readme (#3165)
element-hq/element-call: README.md

✅ **Emoji Reactions** – Users can react with emojis 👍️ 🎉 👏 🤘, adding
engagement and interactivity to the conversation.

## 🚀 Deployment & Packaging Options

Element Call is developed using the
[Matrix js-sdk](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-js-sdk) with Matroska mode.
This allows the app to run either as a Standalone App directly connected to a
homeserver with login interfaces or it can be used as a widget within a Matrix
client.

### 🖥️ Standalone Mode

<p align="center">
  <img src="./docs/element_call_standalone.drawio.png" alt="Element Call in Standalone Mode">
</p>

In Standalone mode, Element Call operates as an independent, full-featured video
conferencing web application, enabling users to join or host calls without
requiring a separate Matrix client.

### 📲 In-App Calling (Widget Mode in Messenger Apps)

As a widget 🧩, Element Call utilizes only the core calling (MatrixRTC)

> components, while authentication, event handling, and room state updates are

Reviewer: > event handling, and room state updates

nitpicking: I think this makes more sense to just mention "matrix cs api requests, hs syncing" (or similar) otherwise this might be confused with managing the state events which is done in the widget logic.

Author: rephrased the paragraph

✅ **Emoji Reactions** – Users can react with emojis 👍️ 🎉 👏 🤘, adding
engagement and interactivity to the conversation.

## 🚀 Deployment & Packaging Options

Element Call is developed using the
[Matrix js-sdk](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-js-sdk) with Matroska mode.
This allows the app to run either as a Standalone App directly connected to a
homeserver with login interfaces or it can be used as a widget within a Matrix
client.

### 🖥️ Standalone Mode

<p align="center">
  <img src="./docs/element_call_standalone.drawio.png" alt="Element Call in Standalone Mode">
</p>

In Standalone mode, Element Call operates as an independent, full-featured video
conferencing web application, enabling users to join or host calls without
requiring a separate Matrix client.

### 📲 In-App Calling (Widget Mode in Messenger Apps)

> When used as a widget 🧩, Element Call relies solely on the core calling

Reviewer: I like this new version.
I do understand `relies` as this is the only thing EC relies on from the js-sdk.
I think its more direct like this:
```suggestion
When used as a widget 🧩, Element Call is solely responsible on the core calling
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Embedded packaging is recommended for Element Call in widget mode!

### 📦 Element Call Packaging

Element Call offers two packaging options: one for standalone or widget

> deployment, and another for widget-based seamless integration into messenger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deployment, and another for seamless widget-based integration into messenger
```
